The following is a brief description of each dataset included:

AsianF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
AsianM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
BlackF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
BlackM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
HawaiianF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
HawaiianM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
HispanicF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
HispanicM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
IndianF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
IndianM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
OtherF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
OtherM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
TotalF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
TotalM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
TwoRaceF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
TwoRaceM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
WhiteF.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
WhiteM.xls - The number of individuals in a certain occupation of this demographic in each county.
income_statistics.xls - Tax return information including: income, income breakdown, and deductions by zip code. 
Demographic_Statistics_By_Zip_Code.csv - Race, gender, citizenship, and public asstistance information by zip code.
